# Google-Ads
Google is a search engine where people try to search many things like to read articles, blogs, to buy goods and services, nearest locations, best places to visit (might be restaurant, tourism, stadiums etc.) and so on. So, Google is the best place to post ads and get views. You can view the number of searches per second/per minute through the below link.  Page Source: – https://www.internetlivestats.com/google-search-statistics/  And it all depends on how much you are spending to post your ad through Google, how strong is your content, what are the demographics you are choosing, age preferences and some other criteria’s. You can check how your AD is performing through analytics like impressions, views, impressions click through rate, etc. If your content is good and strong enough, you will get the number of subscribers, watch time (hours), traffic. It improves your page rank too. We can call it as paid ads which increases traffic to your content/website/blog/vlog, it is called as inorganic traffic. Google is an ocean and there is a lot to know and learn. 1) How Google Ads work? 2) What is the use of Google Ads? 3) How Search Engine works? 4) What is Indexing in Google? 5) What is Crawler in Google Search? 6) Can you rank your webpage?  GOOGLE ADS work on an auction system, when a user performs a keyword search through Google. Here comes your budget, an auction depends on a bid where you are trying to spend money to post your ad, also depends on the quality score and relevant keywords which position your ad in Google (1st page or 2nd page etc.). Following are the types of campaigns in Google ads: Search, Video, Web Traffic, Shopping, Sales, Leads, Display, App Promotion.  1) When someone is trying to search through a keyword, if your ad is relevant to that keyword, Google shows your ad in first page depends on the auction. 2) When you are trying to watch some videos on you tube, you might have seen some ads which comes in between, few are skip-able and few are not. 3) When someone is trying to search with the keyword best, when your ad lands in first page and if the users are trying to click on your website ad, increases the web traffic. 4) When you are playing games, you might have seen few ads which comes in between, might be a display of an image or a video clipping.  Don’t think it’s an expensive, you can start your campaign in Google ads from minimum of 500/- and depends on how much you can. But remember one thing, to face the competition, if you want to exposure your ad, you need to spend a higher amount.
